User Requirements 
1.	The user must be able to interact with an aesthetically pleasing graphical user interface when either playing the game or navigating the main menu system. I will use Pygame to achieve this as well as my personal Pygame function module to create the buttons. 
2.	The main menu system must have an option to quit the game. Another option to configure settings like controls and audio. Finally, an option to start the game by entering the IP Address of the server. In addition, players should be able to enter their name into another text box and have custom names in the game. The main menu system must also be able to connect players to the server when they choose to join a game. 
3.	When the server creates the player, they must have a unique ID so that they can be identified in the server. If a player leaves, that corresponding ID should be deleted from the player list ensuring players no longer show up on other clients’ screen. Furthermore, players should leave seamlessly without affecting the server or any clients. 
4.	The game must be a locally hosted multiplayer game that must feature the last man standing game mode. In addition, there should be no player limit allowing as many players as possible to join during the allocate time before the game starts. Furthermore, the game should not start the counter until at least one player has join and should not start until there are at least two players. Finally, the game should end when there is only one left alive. 
5.	When players’ health bar reaches zero or below, they should become invisible. They should not be able to be seen by other players but should be able to see other players. Their character skin should change to a ghost when they die and should change back when the game is over when the waiting period starts. 
6.	The players must be able to take damage from other players. The health bar should decrease when a player is hit. Furthermore, the server must be able to update that to all the other players who are playing the game. 
7.	The game must include a variety of different weapons for players to use to eliminate other players. The server must be able to register that a player has been damaged and update a player’s health to all players. 
8.	The map must be aesthetically pleasing and feature some custom objects. In addition, there must be an invisible barrier which prevent players from escaping the map. 
9.	The server must use asymmetric encryption to share the public key with each client. Clients should then encrypt their symmetric key and share that with the server to establish an encrypted connection. The server and clients should then encrypt and decrypt player data with the symmetric ensuring data security. Furthermore, no external threats should be able to do anything with the encrypted data. 
10.	The game should be a 2D top-down game with a player centred camera view. In addition, the game should feature some camera movement so that the player will never move off the screen allowing for a larger, more immersive map. 
11.	The server must be robust and include an efficient server system that can handle multiple simultaneous connections whilst ensuring a smooth and lag free experience for players. 
12.	The game must have an in-game user interface that displays important information such as health, kill count and different abilities. Furthermore, players must be able to use power ups and other abilities. 
13.	Players must be able to receive a small celebratory animation when a player wins the game. This must be a few seconds long and allow for any player statistics to be displayed on screen for that round before players join the waiting zone again. 
14.	Players must be able to change their controls in the settings. Players must also be able to use either the WASD keys or the arrow keys to move around. In addition, players should be able to use the space key or left/right control key to attack other players.   
15.	The game should have a variety of unique and visually pleasing weapons. Each should have its own characteristics and attributes, offering players a diverse gameplay experience. 
